we already know how to implement the heap sort algorithm
For this problem we can reuse the heap sort code
and change it based on our need
First let us rename the function name as get
top K elements and then we can add one more
parameter int K in this heap sort code
Our objective is to sort all the elements so that
after the execution of build heap function we are running
the sorting logic for all the elements
So we have wrote the condition as size greater than
zero
Basically what this logic does is whenever the largest element
come to the top it will swap the first and
last elements so that the largest element will be placed
in its right place
After the swap it will continue the same heapify
process for the remaining elements
This is the reason why we're running the loop for
all the elements
But in our case we need to find only the
top K elements
So we do not want to run the while Loop
for all the elements
We just need to run the while loop only for
k times
So replace the while loop condition with I lesser
than K
If we take the value of K as three in
the first iteration the number 80 will be placed at
the end And in the second iteration the number 60
will be placed as the second last element
And in the third iteration the number 50 will be
placed as the third last element
After the execution of this loop the top K elements
will be present at the end of the array
Now we are set to print the top K elements
So write a for loop for I equal to size I
greater than size minus K and I minus minus and
inside that just print last k elements
And that's it we have implemented the logic to print
the top K elements from the given array.